This directory contains a number of packages that are used by the HECTOR
translation software.

cfitsio    should be a copy of Bill Pence's cfitsio library. This is version
           3.41, as downloaded from:
           https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/fitsio/fitsio.html

DramaErs   should be a copy of the latest version of the ERS library used
           by DRAMA for error reporting. It's here because it's needed by
           sds. It has a Makefile.standalone makefile that can be used to
           build it on a system that does not have DRAMA installed.

sds        should be a copy of the latest version of the SDS library used
           by DRAMA to access .sds structured data files such as the files
           used to hold 2dF distortion data. It has a Makefile.standalone
           makefile that can be used to build it on a system that does not
           have DRAMA installed.

slalib_o   should be a copy of the latest version of Pat Wallace's SLALIB
           astrometric library. The '_o' indicates that the code is all in
           an obfuscated form required by licencing agreements. It has a
           makefile that can be used to build it. Note that by default this
           makefile releases the library and include files into an slalib
           directory in the user's home directory. This is probably not
           wanted here, and the Makefile used to build the Hector translation
           software runs this slalib makefile using "INSTALL_DIR=../slalib"
           which releases the files into the slalib sub-directory of this
           current directory.

slalib     is an empty directory structure as released, but is the directory
           into which the Makefile used to build the Hector translation
           software releases the build slalib library and include files - see
           above under slalib_o.

wcslib-5.16 should be a copy of Mark Calabretta's wcslib library. This is
           version 5.16 as downloaded from:
           http://www.atnf.csiro.au/people/Mark.Calabretta/WCS/

Misc       contains a miscellaneous collection of small pieces of code from
           a variery of packages that are used by the Hector translation
           software. It has its own CONTENTS file explaining what these are.
